Elections: integrate bond functionality (#49)
near-ndc/voting-v1: elections/README.md

  - `seats`: max number of candidates to elect, also max number of credits each user has when casting a vote.
  - `min_candidate_support`: minimum amount of votes a candidate needs to receive to be considered a winner.

## Bonding

- [SPEC](https://github.com/near-ndc/gov/blob/main/framework-v1/elections-voting.md#bonding)
- Each verified voter must bond 3N to cast their vote.
- Each Non-verified voter must bond 300N to cast their vote.
- Bond can be deposited during `accept_policy` operation or `bond` function can be used directly.
- One bond is enough to cast votes for all proposals.

> - `finish_time`: max(`end` + `cooldown`) of all the proposals. User can only get back their bond after this period.

Reviewer: this is max of (finish_time, end + cooldown) update the comment

  - `seats`: max number of candidates to elect, also max number of credits each user has when casting a vote.
  - `min_candidate_support`: minimum amount of votes a candidate needs to receive to be considered a winner.

## Bonding

- [SPEC](https://github.com/near-ndc/gov/blob/main/framework-v1/elections-voting.md#bonding)
- Each verified voter must bond 3N to cast their vote.
- Each Non-verified voter must bond 300N to cast their vote.
- Bond can be deposited during `accept_policy` operation or `bond` function can be used via i-am-human-call.
  - Ex: `near registry call is_human_call {"ctr": "elections.near", "function": "bond", "paylad": "{}"} --accountId amit.near`
- One bond is enough to cast votes for all proposals.
- `finish_time`: max(`finish_time`, `end` + `cooldown`) of all the proposals. 
- User can unbond after the `finish_time`. All tokens minus storage fees will be returned.
- Bonded tokens can be slashed by executing `vote_revoke`. 100% of bonded tokens will be slashed and will be tracked in `total_slashed` variable.

> - `unbond`: To unbond deposit, unbond function needs to be called using `i-am-human` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unbond`: To unbond deposit, unbond function needs to be called using `is_human_call`.
```

>   - Ex: `near registry call is_human_call {"ctr": "elections.near", "function": "bond", "paylad": "{}" --accountId amit.near`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ex: `near registry call is_human_call {"ctr": "elections.near", "function": "unbond", "paylad": "{}" --accountId amit.near`
```
